Hey everyone, thanks for joining the live stream and for or watching later on YouTube.
It's great. Are you ready to get started?
Let's get started. Hello everyone.
Okay. Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds. This is episode 351 recorded September 5th and I am Brian Okken.
And I'm Michael Kennedy.
And this episode is also sponsored by Sentry. Thank you, Sentry. And if you want to reach
any of us or the show, either of us or the show, we're@mkennedy@brianhawkin.com and
at Python Bytes, all at fosstodon.org. And if you're listening later and you'd like to join
the show live sometime, you can join us on YouTube at pythonbytes.fm/live. And we'd love
to have you here.
>> Indeed.
>> What do you got for us first, Michael?
>> Let's talk about multiprocessing.
So MPyre, not pyre, but MPyre.
Pyre is the type checker from meta.
MPyre is something entirely different about multiprocessing.
So it's a Python package for easy multiprocessing
that's faster than the built-in multiprocessing,
but has a similar API, has really good error reporting,
and a bunch of other types of reporting,
like how well did that session go?
You know, like how well did you utilize
the multiprocessing capabilities, your machine, and so on.
So yeah, let's dig into it.
So the whole acronym for the name
is Multiprocessing is Really Easy,
which is not what most people say, right?
- No.
But it's a package that's faster than multiprocessing
in most cases, has more features,
and is generally more user-friendly
than the default multiprocessing package.
It has APIs like multiprocessing.pool,
but it also has the benefits of things
like copy-on-write shared objects.
We're gonna come back to that later as well.
But also the ability to have like init and exit,
Setup Teardown for your workers, some more state that you can use and so on.
So pretty cool.
It has a progress bar.
It has TQDM progress built right into it across the multiple processes.
So you can say things like, "Here is some work I want you to do.
There's a hundred items."
Split that across five cores and as those different processes complete the work for
individual elements, give me a unified progress bar, which is pretty awesome, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Very cool.
Yeah. Yeah. It's got a progress dashboard. Actually, I have no idea what that is.
It has a worker insights that you can ask when it's done, like how well did,
you know, how efficient was that multi-processing story?
Graceful and user-friendly exception handling. It has timeouts. So you can say,
I would like the execution of the work to not take more than three seconds.
And actually, you can even say things such as, if the worker process itself takes 10
seconds or more to exit, maybe there's like some something happening over there that's
like a hung connection on a database thing, or who knows, right, some network thing, you
can actually set a different timeout for the process, which is pretty cool.
It has automatic chunking.
So instead of saying I have 100 things, let's go individually one at a time, hand them off
to workers, it can break them up into bigger blocks, including NumPy arrays, which is pretty
cool.
You can set the maximum number of tasks that are allowed to run at any given moment.
I guess you can set the workers, but also like if it does this chunking, you can say
how many things can run to avoid memory problems.
You could even say, I want to use five processes, but after 10 bits of work on any given process,
give me a new worker and shut down the others in case there's like leaky memory or other
things along those lines.
You can create a pool of them through a daemon option, a whole bunch of stuff.
It uses dill to serialize across the multi-process processes, which is cool because it gives
you more exotic serialization options for say objects that are not pickable, lambdas,
functions and other things in IPython and Jupyter notebooks. So all that's pretty awesome,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So the API is super, super simple. From Empire import WorkerPool, with WorkerPool,
jobs equal five, pool.map, some function, some data, go. So this jobs here tells you
how many processes to run basically. For the progress bar, you just set progress bar equals
true. That's not too bad. Another thing that's cool is you can have shared objects. So you
can have some shared data that's passed across without basically using shared memory, I think
is how that it works, so that it's more efficient instead of trying to pick a load across. I
I think they have to be read-only or something.
There's a whole bunch about it.
>> Oh, interesting. You pass it into the worker pool.
>> Yeah. You say worker pool.
These things, I want you to set them up in a way to be shared.
I think, like I said, in a read-only way
across all the processes instead of trying to copy them over.
You have a setup and a tear down thing
that you can do to prepare the worker when it gets started.
You can ask it for the insights, like I said,
and then benchmarks it shows it's significantly faster.
Not just, they compare it not just against multi-processing,
but they say, here's how you do it,
here's what happens if you do it in a serial way.
Here's what multi-processing
and process pool executors look like.
But it also compares against JobLib, Dask, and Array.
And it's pretty much hanging there
with the best of them, isn't it?
Yeah, it's just a titch faster than Ray everywhere.
Just a bit.
One other thing, I don't remember where it was
in this huge long list of things,
but you can also pin the CPUs to CPU cores,
which can be really valuable when you're thinking about
taking advantage of L1, L2 CPU caches.
So if your processes are bouncing around back and forth,
one's working with some data,
then it switches to another core,
and then it has to pull in new data into the L2 cache,
which is like hundreds of times slower than real memory.
And that slows it down,
then they switch back and they keep running.
So you can say, pin these workers to these CPUs,
and you've got a better chance of them
not redoing their cache all the time.
So that's kind of cool.
There's just a bunch of neat little features in here.
If you're already using multiprocessing, you might check this out.
If you care about performance, for real.
Why are you using multiprocessing if you don't care about performance?
Well, I mean, you're looking to pull out the final little bits of performance, I suppose.
These benchmarks are cool, but they're doing computation on the workers.
There's a lot of what you're doing is like talking to queues and talking to networks
and talking to databases.
It doesn't matter what framework you used to do that long as you're doing something
parallel.
Right?
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
Well, I don't know.
That's why you have to do your own benchmarks.
Yeah, for sure.
And then there's that article over on Medium by the creator as well that gives you a whole
lot of background on all this stuff.
Oh, neat.
Nice.
Yeah.
This is quite a long article.
And I think it's actually more relevant.
For example, it's got screenshots where it shows, if you use something like, let me read
really quickly, Ray or Joblib, and you get some kind of exception, it just says, "Exception
occurred."
Yikes.
Whereas with this one, with Empire, you get things like, "Here's the call stack that goes
back a little more correctly to the right function, and here's the arguments that were
passed over."
So when it crashes, you know, cause you have like five processes potentially all doing
stuff.
One of them crashed, like what data did they have?
I don't know.
It's in parallel.
It's hard.
Right.
So having the arguments like these are the ones that cause the error is, is pretty excellent.
Yeah.
Cool.
Anyway, Empire, that's what I got for number one.
All right, cool.
I want to have, I have something else that starts with M.
Mop up.
So mop up is something that I learned about
from an article by Glyph.
So let me jump to the article first.
So Glyph wrote an article saying,
get your Mac Python from python.org.
That's what I already do.
I've tried all the other stuff
and I just like just the downloader from python.org.
So this article talks about reasons
why that's probably what you want.
And that's probably what if you're writing a tutorial,
That's probably what your users need to do too.
If they're using a Mac.
And I won't go through all the details,
but he goes through reasons why you probably want this one
and not things like, what are the others?
Homebrew, you can brew install your Python,
but he doesn't recommend it.
And you can read on it.
Pyenv, I've tried it.
It like messes up other stuff for me.
So I like the downloader from Python,
But one of the things that I don't like is that if like,
if I had Python 3.11.4 installed
and now Python 3.11.5 is out,
how do I get that on my computer?
Do I just reinstall it?
Yes, you can.
But Glyph made a new thing called Mopup.
So what Mopup does is you just pip install Mopup.
And it's like the only thing I install
on my global Python versions.
like 3.11, pip install, update pip and install this
and that's it.
Everything else goes into a virtual environment.
But--
- Or pipx install.
- Exactly.
But mop up, what's the usage?
So I just tried it this morning.
I didn't pass it any flags.
I just installed it and ran it
and it updated me from Python 3.11.4 to Python 3.11.5
without me having to re-download anything other than this.
So I'm gonna set up something that goes through.
I've got a lot of versions on my computer.
I've got, I think, well, I've got 3.7 through 3.12 installed
and I want all of them to be on the latest bug fix release.
So I'm just gonna use probably use
Brett Cannon's Py installer or Python installer,
Py on my Mac to go to each of the versions
and run mop up on all of them to update it.
So that's what I'd like to do.
Anyway, it's cool.
I'm really excited about this
because this was like the one hole
in using the Python.org installer is having updated.
So, nice.
- Yep, interesting, interesting.
I gotta admit, I'm still a brew install Python 3
sort of person.
- Okay.
- And the drawback, the main drawback
that Glyph makes an argument for,
which is valid is you don't control necessarily the version of Python that you get.
Because if you brew install some other YouTube downloader app or whatever rando thing, it
might say, "Well, I need a Python 3.12 and you only have 3.8," and it'll auto-upgrade
on you without you knowing.
I'm always running the absolute latest Python anyway.
And so when those other packages say greater than 310,
like I don't care, I already have greater than 310.
And so, I don't know.
That's the world I'm living in now, but that's okay for me.
- Oh, okay.
So I'm a package maintainer,
so I have multiple versions on my box.
But in a lot of people like PyEnv for that reason,
but I don't.
I've had trouble with PyEnv too, especially around the Apple Silicon, Rosetta, compiler
mismatch.
Like, there's just, like it wouldn't install for me.
And so, yeah, I think the Python.org is a good recommendation.
Okay, cool.
Yep.
All right.
Before we move on to our next topic, Brian.
Well, I'd like to thank Sentry for sponsoring this episode of Python Bytes.
You know Sentry for their error tracking service, but did you know that you can take it all the way through
your multi-tier and distributed app with their distributed tracing feature? How cool is that?
Distributed tracing is a debugging technique that involves tracking
the requests of your system starting from the very beginning, like the user action,
all the way to the back end, database, and third-party services.
This can help you identify if the cause of an error in one project is due to an error in another project.
That's very useful.
Every system can benefit from distributed tracing, but they're useful especially for microservices.
In microservice architecture, logs won't give you the full picture.
So you can't debug every request in full by reading the logs.
But distributed tracing with a platform like Sentry
can give you a visual overview of which services were called
during the execution of certain requests.
Aside from debugging and visualizing architecture,
distributed tracing also helps you identify performance bottlenecks.
Through a visual like Gantt chart,
you can see if a particular span in your stack took longer than expected
and how it could be causing slowdowns in other parts of your app.
Learn more and see examples in the tracing section of their docs at docs.sentry.io.
To take advantage of all the features of the Sentry platform,
create your free account. And for Python Bytes listeners, be sure to use code Python Bytes,
all one word, and activate a free month of their premium paid services.
Get started today at pythonbytes.fm/sentry. Thank you, Sentry, for supporting Python Bytes.
Indeed, thank you Sentry. And I want to bring it back to a similar bingo, bring it back to something I gave a shout out to before. multi threading and meta, I talked about both those. And I want to cover this article posted on engineering at meta, which is on the facebook.com domain, actually not the meta domain, but whatever.
engineering at Meta, because it's really about Instagram anyway. And it talks about this new
thing called immortal objects. And Brian, would you want to live forever? Like a vampire?
No.
Me either. Definitely, definitely not. For a while. I mean, I could, I could take a few more
years, but not infinity. But Python objects, they can benefit from this infinity. And so I want to
I want to go through this new PEP 683, which is accepted in 3.12.
So that's pretty exciting.
This is part of the Sender Performance work that's coming out of the meta team.
And I want to look at it not originally, but let's look it over on omnivore.app.
This is my new favorite way for research because I can put highlights and notes.
So Instagram has introduced immortal objects to PEP 683.
Now Python objects can bypass reference counting checks and live forever through the entire
execution of the runtime, at least from when they're created to the end.
So you know, traditionally, typically, I guess I should say, Python objects have a whole
bunch of information about them on the object that is allocated on the heap.
This even includes numbers and those things change over time.
So if I have x equals a string and then I say y equals x, it goes up to that thing and
says plus plus, you know, plus equals one on the reference count.
And when y goes away, then that minus minuses it, right?
When that number hits zero, it gets cleaned up.
There's also stuff on the object for cycles and garbage collection.
So there's a lot of stuff that's happening there, right?
- Yeah.
- And so what they're doing is,
they're running a lot of Django for Instagram,
which is pretty awesome.
However, what they're trying to take advantage of
is the fact that there's a lot of similar data,
similar memory usage when I load up Python.
So if I type Python on the terminal
and then I open up a new terminal and type Python,
it's gone through exactly the same startup process, right?
So it's loaded the same shared libraries or DLLs.
It's created its negative 255 to 255 flywheel numbers
that it's gonna reuse instead of when you say
the number seven, it doesn't always create a new seven.
You always have the seven that was created at startup,
exceptions, those kinds of things, right?
Well, if you have a web server that's got 10 or 20 or 100 worker processes that all
went through the same startup for a Python app, you would want to have things like that
number seven or some exception type or whatever modules, right, core modules that are loaded.
You would like to have one copy of those in memory on Linux and then have a copy on write
thing for the stuff that actually changes.
But those other pieces, you want them to stay the same, yeah?
There's no point in having a different representation of the number four for every process if there's some way to share that memory that was created at startup.
And we don't need reference counts updated and all that stuff.
Exactly. What they found was while many of their Python objects are practically or effectively immutable, they didn't actually over time behave that way.
that way. So they have graphs of private memory and shared
memory. And what you would hope is that the shared memory stays
pretty stable over time, or maybe even grows, maybe you're
doing new stuff that's like pulled in similar things. But
that's not what happens in practice on current Python, the
shared memory goes down and down and down. Because even though
that object, or let's say that flywheel number that got created
to be shared, it still got his reference count number change.
So throughout the behavior of one app, it might go, well,
four was used 300 times here and 280 over there.
So those are not the same four.
Because on the reference count, they have 281 and 301,
or whatever it is, right?
And so that shared memory is falling down
because the garbage collector and just
the interacting with the ref count
is in very meaningless and small ways
changing pieces of the shared memory
to make them fall out of the shared state.
So this whole pep, this whole idea is
we're gonna make those types of things
so that their reference count can't change,
their GC structures can't change,
they cannot be changed,
they're just always set to some magic number
for like this thing's reference count is unchanged, right?
So if you look at like the object header,
it's got a GC header, reference count, object type,
been in the actual data, well, for the ones that don't change,
now these new ones can be set so even their GC header
and the reference counts don't change.
Cool, right?
Yeah.
And what that means is, if you come down here,
it says there are some challenges.
First, they had to make sure that applications wouldn't
crash if some objects suddenly had different ref counts.
Second, it changes the core memory representation
of a Python object, which if you work in the C level,
and just directly with the memory,
that's pointers to the object, that can be tricky.
And finally, the core implementation
relies on adding checks explicitly
to the increment and decrement,
add ref, remove ref, decrement ref,
which are two of the hottest bits of code in all of Python,
as in the most performance critical.
So if you make a change to it,
If you make all the Python slower for this, that's bad.
And they did make Python slower, but only 2%.
And they believe that the benefit they get
is actually worth it, 'cause you bring in,
for heavy workloads, you get actually better performance.
So it's a trade-off, but there it is.
- One of the things, I was reading this article,
and one of the things that confused me was,
is this just something internal to Python
that it's gonna happen under the hood,
or do I need to change my syntax in any way?
>> Yes, I was looking for that as well.
Every single thing about,
I went and read the PEP and everything
I remember from reading the PEP,
maybe I missed something, but everything I got from the PEP
was the C layer.
It was, here's the Pi immortal call that you make in the C API.
So what I would like to see is something where you
set a decorate, like kind of like a data class, like this thing is outside of
garbage collection, this class is out or this, I don't know, some way to say in
Python, this thing is immortal for now, at least.
Yeah.
But I didn't see it either.
It also would be good, even if we could just do like, like that would
be kind of like a constant then also.
Uh, we could set up some, some constants in your system that, that are immortal.
or something.
- Yeah.
- Anyway.
Huh, okay.
- Yeah, like the dictionary of a module that loads up
if you're not dynamically changing it,
which you almost never do,
unless you're like mocking something out,
like let it be, you know?
It's just tell it it's the same.
Don't, don't--
- Yeah, I'd be curious to see,
in this implement, as they're implementing it,
it does seem like parts of the system
are gonna go a little bit slower,
but also parts of it are gonna go faster
'cause you don't have to do all that work, but--
- Exactly, right.
- Right, yeah, you don't have to do a lot of stuff.
Okay, like the garbage collection cycles
that happen over time, right?
This seems to just be excluded
from garbage collection entirely, so that's cool.
So they have some graphs of what happened afterwards,
and the before and after,
and on the after in the shared memory,
well, sorry, the before, it went almost to zero.
Like it went from, you know,
y-axis with no numbers, really high,
to y-axis low with no numbers.
But I don't know exactly what this is, maybe a percent, but like I said, it
doesn't really, really, say, but after processing as few as 300 requests,
it was like a 10th of the original shared memory was left and that was it.
Now, after it's down to it's 75, 80% still shared, which is pretty excellent.
Okay, cool.
But as you said, this is like one of the internal core things from what I can
tell. They do say that this is foundational work for the per interpreter
gill, PEP 684, as well as making the global interpreter lock optional in
CPython 703, because if you know an object is never going to change, not
even its ref count, not even its GC state, and definitely not its data, well,
you can have at it with multithreading, right? The problem with multithreading
is something has changed in between two operations.
And if you know it's never gonna change,
you can just completely remove all the checks
that you need to do and make it a lot faster.
So that's why it's there to support.
That's why it's relevant
for some of these parallelism peps.
So anyway, pretty cool.
This is coming in 3.12, I guess.
- Nice.
Cool.
Well, I'd like to talk about something that,
I don't really think about that much in that that is docstrings for docstring formats.
And I just ran across this article and I'm covering it partly just as a question to the
audience.
So the article is from Scott Robinson and it's called Common Docstring Formats in Python.
And docstrings, people forget what they are.
Like, let's say you have a function called add numbers or something.
You can do, you can really do any kind of quote,
but the first string in a function,
if it's not assigned to a variable is the doc string
and it's the first element anyway.
The first line is a little, it's usually one line
and then maybe a space and then some other stuff.
And the apparently there's several format,
common formats of this.
You can also, you can get access to it
by the underscore doc attribute of something.
So if you have a reference to a function,
you can say dot dunder doc,
and you can see the doc string.
And a lot of like IDEs use this to pop up hints and stuff.
That's one of the reasons why you wanna have like the first,
at least the first line be an explanation
that is good for somebody to see
if it pops up on them and stuff.
Anyway, which format should this be?
So it covers a handful of different formats.
There's a restructured text doc stream format.
So you've got all this like descriptions of parameters
and the types and stuff.
This is scary looking to me.
Let's go through next, Google doc stream format.
This one makes a little more sense, but again, I don't know.
It says int and it talks about the different parameters.
And if you really have to describe them,
This is probably one of my favorites.
This looks pretty good.
Return, what is the information that it returns?
What are the arguments and why?
Some like one-liner explanations, not too bad.
There's a NumPy SciPy doc format.
This is also pretty clear.
Maybe a little, let's compare the two.
I guess it's got an extra line
because you're doing the underscore line,
which is, I guess, okay.
It looks sort of, I don't know, this is a lot of space.
But I'm just curious if people are really using this.
Looking at this, I can see the benefit of describing,
if it's not clear from the name of your function,
describing stuff.
And I also like type hints.
So this seems like a great argument for type hints
because the types would be great just right in the,
right with the parameters.
And then if you don't have to describe the type,
maybe just have variable names that are more clear.
So my personal preference really is use type hints
and then also have a description
if you're gonna do a doc string
and it's not obvious from the name of the function,
then have a description of what the function does
and that's it.
And then if it's unclear about what really
what the stuff is, the behavior of different parameters,
then add that.
But I, again, I'd love to hear back from people.
Go ahead and send me a message on @brianokin@fosstodon.org.
This worked great last week.
I got some great feedback.
And so I'd love to hear what people are doing
for their docstring formats.
Do you use docstring formats, Michael?
- I'm familiar with docstring formats
and I've played with them.
I like the Google one best, I think.
But I'm with you, if you have good variable names,
do you need the parameter information?
If you use type hints, do you need the parameter information
to say the type?
If you have a return declaration with a type,
do you need to have the returns?
If the function has a good name, get user,
air angle bracket, optional user.
Like, oh, well, it returns a user or it returns none.
How much more do you need to say about what it returns?
Right?
There's a lot of, it's a little bit of a case study
And yes, you wanna be very thorough,
but also good naming goes a really long way
to like limit the amount of comments
and docs you gotta put onto a thing.
There are times when it makes sense though,
like if you're talking about range or something like that,
is it inclusive of both numbers?
If I say one to 10, do I get one, two, three, four up to 10
or I get one, two, three, four up to nine, right?
Like those situations where you might need to say
the non-inclusive upper bound of the ring,
I don't know, whatever, something like that, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
I do like an explanation of what's returned though.
Often it's not obvious.
And even if you are doing a type hint
and you can get the type of what's returned,
what's the meaning of what's returned is,
If that's not obvious, please put that in a doc string.
- Yep. - Yeah.
Anyway, cool.
- I wonder, I don't, this is an honest question.
I have no idea if you express it in any of this documentation
or if the editors consume it,
but what would be really awesome is if there was a way
to express all possible exception types
in the entire call stack, right?
Like you could get a value error,
you could get a database connection error,
or you could get a uniqueness constraint exception,
any of those three, then you could have editors
where you just hit like Alt + Enter,
right, the error handling goes bam, bam, bam,
here's the three types of things you might catch.
That would be awesome.
But I don't know if you can express
the possible range of exceptions in there or not.
- Or unless you've, yeah,
and especially if you're calling any extra functions
within a function, you don't know
if it's gonna raise an exception possibly.
Anyway, that's something I would see actually really useful there that you don't express
in like the type information or the name or any of those things.
Yeah.
Cool.
Well, those are our items.
Michael, do you have any extras for us?
I have an extra for you in particular.
How about that?
Okay.
Let's start with that one then.
So last week you asked about GitHub releases.
Who uses these?
Should I be bothered?
There's this person that seems to be telling everyone on GitHub they should use releases
if they're not.
Do I care?
And Red Turnbull, who's been on Talk Python to talk about building Mac apps with Python,
GitHub said there, said, "GitHub releases questions.
I use them and I like them so people can subscribe to be notified of new releases.
I use gh, the GitHub command line, github release create to create one in the command
every time I push to PyPI.
I'm sure this can be done as an action,
but I don't push that often, so it's fine with me.
Anyway, there's some feedback for you.
- Thanks.
Yeah, I actually got quite a few people reaching out,
and I really appreciate it.
And it did convince me that I'm gonna start
trying to figure it out using get releases,
but I also want to make sure
that it's automated as much as possible.
I don't want to add redundant work just for the heck of it.
>> So you're going to set up some automation to go around and tell everyone on GitHub who
doesn't have releases going yet?
>> No.
>> They should do releases?
Think of all the contributor badges you're going to get.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm just kidding.
All right.
Let's talk about one more thing.
We've heard about PyPI issues where people are uploading malicious packages and a lot
of times it's crypto kiddies and other idiots who are doing that or researchers to like
just prove a concept that it can be done.
But Lazarus hackers who are pretty sure yeah, North Korean state sponsored hacking group
is uploaded a fake VMware VM connect library targeting it professionals.
So it only had 237 downloads.
But when you start to think about state actor hacking level of stuff getting installed onto
your machine, that's like a minimum format OS.
Maybe just throw it in the trash.
I don't know.
It's like pretty bad level of being infected.
So I don't know.
I have no action or further thoughts.
Just like, hey, that's worth checking out.
>> Yeah, and maybe we do need to care about the pipeline and whatever.
>> But in the supply chain,
but we do have the new security person,
Mike, that was hired, so that's excellent.
>> Yes.
>> He was in the audience when we announced it, that was great.
I believe it's Mike, hopefully I got the name right.
Over to you, that's what I got.
>> Okay. Well, I was having a conversation with,
Was actually this the I don't know how to pronounce that JNY JNY
on
Pi the pie bites slack. We were talking about using talking about
Using TRS-80 computers and I said, hey, I I remember typing in lunar lander on my TRS-80 way back when
Copied it out of the back of the magazine and he's he said I've got a copy
copy of
Lunar lander that works on Python. I'm like, oh, I want to try it and
And I I still can't I'm gonna get back to him
But I can't get his to work and then I looked around and there was this other cool one
Lunar lander Python I found that's a four years old and apparently it was done as part of a
fundamentals of computing course
Which is which is pretty impressive. I couldn't get it to work, but their website looks great
So they have a website with it attached to it with with like screenshots and it was good fonts, too
Yeah, and it looks exactly like the lunar lander that I typed into my TRS 80. So I'm pretty excited about that
Anyway, but I can't get that to work either. So if anybody's got like a lunar lander
Copy or something that works on works with modern Python. I would love to play with it
I also want to hack with it with my daughter and stuff.
So anyway, that's the only extra thing I got is bring on the Winnebender.
>> I like it. Yeah, Mike Falders here,
Falders here, the security guy and people are
thanking him and stuff for all the security work.
So just getting started, but yeah,
it's not an easy job, I'm sure.
>> Yeah, and we're pretty excited.
I can't think of a better person to do this job.
>> Indeed. Shall we play some bingo?
>> Sure.
>> All right. This is our joke. Programmer bingo. I love it.
So bingo works,
everybody gets a different card with different options.
Typically, it's numbers, but in this case,
it's programmer actions or statements.
You call out or have happened,
and as they get called out,
you mark them off and whoever completes a row or column,
or I don't know, something diagonal.
I don't play that much bingo, but you win, right?
And so this is a possible programmer bingo card.
We should come up with one, a whole bunch of them.
So I'll just read you some of the options
out of this card, okay, Ryan?
So we've got number one, written code without comments.
Everybody can check that one off.
For all of the C-inspired language people,
forgot a semicolon at the end of a line.
That's good.
I can certainly relate with number three, close 12 tabs after fixing an issue.
Oh yeah.
Uh, also relate number four, 20 warnings, zero errors.
Works on my machine, man.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
The number five is program didn't run on someone else's computer.
And instantiation of the works on my machine problem.
And then this number six to do less greater than completed tasks.
Number seven, copied code from Stack Overflow.
I'm pretty sure we can all check that one off.
Close program without saving it.
Okay. Number nine,
asked to fix a laptop because you're a programmer.
I have a problem with my computer,
like please don't, please don't.
Number 10, turned your bug into a feature.
11, deleted block of code and regretted it later.
Finally, learned a new programming language but never used it.
Hello TypeScript.
>> We could come up with so many of these.
We should we should totally do we should do so good aren't they?
You could just go on and on. Yeah.
Yeah. Like have a backup copy of your code repository,
even though it's yeah.
Yeah. Zip is my source control.
Yeah. Yeah.
And then there's usually a free one in the middle
that could just be need to need to update pip.
That's exactly a pip is out of date.
(laughing)
- pip is out of date.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Well, as usual, pleasure to talk with you, Michael,
and thank you so much Sentry for sponsoring this episode.
Again, everybody check out Sentry and go to,
what was that link again?
Pythonbytes.com/sentry.
- /sentry.
Thanks, Brian.
- Thank you, bye.
- See y'all.
[BLANK_AUDIO]